Migrate profiler enabling docs to single Cdocs page (#35099)
DataDog/documentation: layouts/shortcodes/mdoc/en/profiler/enabling/go.mdoc.md

    }
    defer profiler.Stop()
    ```

    Optional: Enable the [timeline feature][9], see [prerequisites][10].

4. Optional: Set up [Source Code Integration][11] to connect your profiling data with your Git repositories.

5. After a couple of minutes, your profiles appear on the [Datadog APM > Profiler page][12]. If they do not, see the [Troubleshooting][13] guide.

{% alert %}
By default, only the CPU and Heap profiles are enabled. Use [profiler.WithProfileTypes][14] and [profile types][15]. For legacy v1 documentation, view [profiler.WithProfileTypes][16] to enable additional [profile types][17].
{% /alert %}

If you automatically instrument your Go application with [Orchestrion][18], it adds the continuous profiler code to your application. To enable the profiler at runtime, set the environment variable `DD_PROFILING_ENABLED=true`.

## Save up to 14% CPU in production with PGO

Starting [Go 1.21][19], the Go compiler supports Profile-Guided Optimization (PGO). PGO enables additional optimizations on code identified as hot by CPU profiles of production workloads. This is compatible with Datadog Go Continuous Profiler and can be used for production builds.

> Follow [this guide][20] to set it up.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Follow [the PGO setup guide][20] to set it up.
```

| Environment variable                             | Type          | Description                                                                                      |
| ------------------------------------------------ | ------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ |
| `DD_ENV`                                         | String        | The [environment][21] name, for example, `production`. |
| `DD_SERVICE`                                     | String        | The [service][21] name, for example, `web-backend`. |
| `DD_VERSION`                                     | String        | The [version][21] of your service. |
| `DD_TAGS`                                        | String        | Tags to apply to an uploaded profile. Must be a list of `<key>:<value>` separated by commas such as: `layer:api,team:intake`.   |

### Showing C function calls in CPU profiles

By default, Go's CPU profiler only shows detailed information for Go code. If your program calls C code, the time spent running C code is reflected in the profile, but the call stacks only show Go function calls.

> To add detailed C function call information to CPU profiles, you may opt to use library such as [ianlancetaylor/cgosymbolizer][22]. To use this library:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To add detailed C function call information to CPU profiles, you may opt to use a library such as [ianlancetaylor/cgosymbolizer][22]. To use this library:
```
